Curious creatures, humans, aren't they !
    Throughout history, humans have willingly set up home in areas of great danger, knowing that from one day to the next, their civilization or their city could be devastated. Atlantis, Minos, Pompeii; history is full of the legends or stories of cities that have perished.
    Perhaps, one day, Los Angeles will join the list.

   In southern California, Angels may guard over the City of Angels; but more appropriately, the city might be renamed the "City of Dangers".
    Like San Francisco, Los Angeles lies astride one of the most active geological fault lines on our planet, the San Andreas Fault.
    Every few years, city buildings tremble and sway as Los Angeles is rocked by an earthquake. Often, millions of dollars worth of damage are done, and lives are lost; but the effect on Angelenos is little, and short lived. Few Angelenos pack their bags and move out of town after an earthquake; most shrug their shoulders, and get on with the job, making money, enjoying life, bringing up a family, or whatever.
    Yet as seismologists keep warning, the "Big One" is coming. No one knows when it will strike, nor how violent it will be; but experts tend to agree that at some time within the next fifty years, a mega-quake will strike somewhere in California.
    According to nightmare scenarios, whole sections of the ultra-chic L.A. suburbs of Palos Verdes and Malibu could slide into the sea (as little bits do from time to time already); a major quake centered in the city in mid summer could set off fires that could rage uncontrolled for weeks on end. There is no limit to the extravagance of the disaster scenarios that can be imagined, as Hollywood - on the spot and in the know - has not failed to realise.
    According to nightmare scenarios, whole sections of the ultra-chic L.A. suburbs of Palos Verdes and Malibu could slide into the sea (as little bits do from time to time already); a major quake centered in the city in mid summer could set off fires that could rage uncontrolled for weeks on end. There is no limit to the extravagance of the disaster scenarios that can be imagined, as Hollywood - on the spot and in the know - has not failed to realise.